Prompt #1:  Explain the data you have organized in the "input.dat" file. Your explanation should be detailed enough for others to expand your data file with additional data using the same structure.

Top  songs for the past 10 weeks on billboard, the format is duration on billboard,song name,arist,ranking this week and ranking last week and then moving backwards for example if a song stayed 7 weeks on billboard it shows current week ranking ,then last week and then week before and keeps going on but i limited it to 10 weeks



Prompt #2:  What would the output look like if a user wants to browser your database without any filter or sorting criteria?
I will diplay song name,arist,duration on billboard,ranking last week and ranking this week


Prompt #3: Give two example filter criteria that would be interesting to apply. These are not commitments you are making for the final project.
ask the user for the artist name and then i will display song artist and the ranking 
show the user the lowest ranking each song has reached


Prompt #4: Give two example sorting criteria that would be interesting to apply. These are not commitments you are making for the final project.
from best to worst ranking
alphapatical sorting for the arists 



Prompt #5: Describe two analyses that would focus on data within one group. These are not commitments you are making for the final project.
How long did a song stay on charts 
What is the highest did a song reach 
which rank was the highest for a specific song 


Prompt #5: Describe two analyses that would require data from multiple groups. These are not commitments you are making for the final project.
Which song stayed the longest duration  through the 5 weeks
WHich song stayed the shortest duration through the 5 weeks  





Prompt#6 : How and why is this project personal or interesting to you?

Music is the best thing and what i am most intrested in.I listen to top songs week by week and i used to play multiple instrunments in school.I also memorize songs so fast , i can listen to it once and would know most of it before listening twice 